I am the márcio Werneck consultant
development of goodness products
diver with more than 30 years of
experience and I'm here today to
explain the concept behind the
development of our equipment
today the concept of dry clothes to
out of this vision that is a drought can only
be used by divers and technicians
Cave diver or divers
who were diving in the gil even in
weapons
there twenty-five degrees of
has a longer duration time if
you are one of a folder if you are a
diving subject
if you are a biologist who will expose yourself
more time
is to this condition its function of
diver your work will stay
much better and more comfortable than
you will get the thermal protection
better even safer
based on this, we decided to invest
in a unique outfit because the investment
or partner
she was usually way above the clothes
again or we can work on
a very cost effective tone
of dry clothes is based on the
mainly in the sealants could
clarify which water should not
enter thanks to your high - end skills and
and the admission of gas that can
can be made by means of the
admission and exhaustion hour
besides we have protection 12 perceb
which is another important point is that
we have a completely true zip for
that does not enter water and 1 on the team
to protect this many
divers had problems in
about making a trip to invest
in a dry suit suddenly a sealant of
if you tear the sealant exchange with glue
until very recently it was something
that lasted two or three days you had
difficulties places to do what
often made it impossible to
use of this outfit on a trip
now first point differential nexe
drive is that we invest in a
where you can exchange
the sealant easily to a
diving
both the wrist sealants and the
sealants for neck
ah ah ah ah the quality of this land
normally oscillating in most cases.
clothing and a latex sealant and sealants
are less resistant are less
flexible we are placing before
silicone on this street and oscillating silicone
silicone is more resistant
he is more flexible and first of all he
is antiallergic
this brought a great differential then
the quality of ceilândia
but the condition of being able to change
sealants at any dive site
makes the dry clothes he takes out is
has a great differential because
the diver will not miss diving
besides we made a cut
differentiated from most of the people who
I started with the swim in my clothes
has a difficulty that is the
equilibrium of the state since not only it
will have to deal with at bc in high school
how is he going to have to deal with the clothes is
necessary to inject a new measure
10 and control and it is during the ascent
through the balls or the clothes that
they are usually wider waist
tend to accumulate air in this part of the
causing the diver to have more
difficulty to balance
is a drawing that lowers the volume of the
clothes decrease the drag for swimming
and decreasing the chance of this air
to locate in the legs then it is much more
even easy for the beginner diver
maintain the position of the training and maintain the
swimming position keep the balance
state
thanks to this desire to quality
valve exposure
we have a perfect flow between the
the speed of admission and the
exhaustion that make you wear these clothes
has a very good balance control
best
the clothes on the market it is made of
tri-laminated material which is a
is not understandable then it does not
there is no impact not if the control of
buoyancy and reinforced with sanity
where we can get bigger
feel that even then they do not
were placed where there is need of
mobility as in the case of the points of
knee and yes only at the point where you sit
where you can drag in the case up to a
service where the belts of your
your pc's equipment can generate trio
one of the points is extremely important
for comfort this clothing mainly
to put investing is what we people
call everyone by the school that is this
that we will see here in the region.
of abdomen victory
the diver has to take put
this condition and then it can adjust
this clothes in a way that all of this
has completely adjusted in what
drag him
another point is also fine tune
that it exists is internally a
elastic that can be adjusted to
prevent clothing from remaining too
that the waist to the back
ex drae clothing has its seams
vulcanized with polymer which increases
resistance to the durability and
safety of this mouth is that it also extracts
was designed with two velcro pockets
side panels for accessories that are
easily accessible using only one
year
the dry front design zipper to the
contrary to the clothes they wear on their backs
facilitates the diver to remove and
put the blame alone this lightning has gone
designed with neoprene boots
consolated rigid coupled
this kind of boot gives more comfort
during a dive and more resistance
not only to use open fins but
especially if the diver has to
walking in environment of cave in environment
where the soles will be more
required
is important to emphasize that the project
ex bryan was not only made for
technical divers or scuba diver
cave many divers will power
take advantage of this equipment and
because mainly because of this
the quality of the valves of the
ceilândia rapid exchange system will
be much easier and cheaper
keep a dive site
it will be much easier to learn how to use
this clothing and take advantage of all this
comfort learn to wear dry clothes
it is something that you easily learn your
instructor with his diving school at a
course that usually lasts two days
do not miss this opportunity you will
know another level of diving a
another level of comfort from diving to
From the moment you turn out to be
The diver who wears dry clothes feels
sex drive